well IIT there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
the fingerprints at history when you
read a history book today
it's a story the people that put it
together and they try to turn it into
some cohesive theme even has plot points
they're normally people that are used to
describe everybody that existed at the
time and those plot points are put
together and they're distilled from the
information they have the fingerprints
that were left behind letters
photographs memos government records
receipts whatever they can get their
hands on that's how history books are
created and then they're shaped so they
appeal to the reader somewhat
got a collection of history books from
all over the world and it's interesting
to see the different viewpoints on
different historical events
it is definitely entertaining because
each demographic of today they judge the
past by today's standards good example
of that is Thomas Jefferson today he's a
slaver that's what he's known as you
know he's that guy that didn't free his
own slaves when he died he was also one
of the first abolitionists but he was
very flawed he didn't put his money
where his mouth was literally he said
slavery was a hideous block but he
didn't act on it
people wonder why future historians are
going to have a lot more fingerprints
assuming that the digital record
survives the one you're creating right
now but that digital record goes way
beyond just your Facebook post or
Twitter post or whatever all of your
purchases they're all tracked there's a
record of everything and if that
survives there's not going to be much
guesswork in it it'll all that data will
be catalogued and it'll be refined
rather than a thick history book the
weighs a ton probably bleed a slideshow
type thing you know your history book
was probably broken up into ten year
periods during more modern history and
20 year periods as you get further back
and then 50 hundred it gets broken up
based on the amount of information
they'll be able to do a year by year
month by month if they wanted the thing
is the people the future they're gonna
wonder the same thing about us they're
gonna look back and they're gonna judge
us by the standards of tomorrow
they're gonna wonder why we didn't act
for the environment they're gonna wonder
why our political system is the way it
is which is gonna directly relate to why
their political system is the way it is
they'll probably wonder why we spent so
much time
being entertained by nothing we spend a
lot of time being entertained by stuff
that his mindless I would hope that the
society the future looks at that as as a
bad thing may not but I definitely think
that we as a people are going to be
judged the same way Thomas Jefferson is
because we know that a lot of the stuff
going on around us is wrong
but we're not doing much to solve it
just like any other fingerprint that
digital fingerprint it's placing you
here when future generations look back
on it it could be evidence used to
prosecute you or it could be evidence
used to exonerate you
they're gonna wonder why we didn't do a
lot of things because the information is
out here just like back then Jefferson
knew slavery was wrong and yeah he tried
in his own way to solve some of it but
he probably could have done a whole lot
more and that's how we're gonna be
viewed because we spend a lot of time a
lot of time
confusing motion with accomplishment
being busy all day and getting
absolutely nothing done and that's where
we're at the Society of tomorrow will
judge us and it's going to be the
society that's built on whatever we
leave behind our fingerprints will be
there for them to look at and the
society we leave them well it'll be very
evident to them anyway it's just a
thought
y'all have a good night